Fixes #11 -- added documentation for logging (#398)
open-zaak/open-zaak: docs/manual/logging.rst

=======
Logging
=======

Sentry
======

To monitor and identify issues for OpenZaak, it is recommended to use `Sentry`_.
If Sentry is configured for OpenZaak, all exceptions that occur within the application
are sent to Sentry. For documentation on how to set up a project in Sentry, please refer to the official `documentation`_.
After setting up the project, you will receive a **DSN**. The created Sentry project can be linked to OpenZaak by setting
the environment variable ``SENTRY_DSN`` equal to this DSN.

.. _`sentry`: https://sentry.io/

> .. _`documentation`: https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/quickstart/?platform=javascript

Reviewer: I think https://docs.sentry.io/guides/getting-started/ is a better starting point. You'll probably want to point out that for the project they should pick `Django` as platform. It's also useful to give an example `DSN` so they know what to copy-paste from the code examples.

Different logs
==============

By default, OpenZaak has multiple loggers that log to different files.

> - Nginx: logs produced by Nginx can be found in the ``log/nginx/`` directory.

Reviewer: This is not correct, at least not with the Docker setup. Nginx logs are written to `stdout` of the container. You can access them via `docker logs` or `kubectl logs` depending on which platform you're running. For the vmware appliance, logs are in `/var/log/nginx/`

- uWSGI: by default uWSGI will log to standard output.
- Django: multiple loggers for Django are defined in the OpenZaak settings (``src/openzaak/conf/includes/base.py``),

>   dependent on the handler used by the logger, the information will be logged to either the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  depending on which handler is used by which logger, the information will be logged to either the console
```

>   or to the ``log/`` directory (a rotating file handler is used for the latter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or to the ``log/`` directory (files are automatically log-rotated so you will not run out of disk space).
```
